Guys when you're building a Web site whether it's for yourself or your business or brand.
One of the hardest things to do is actually find a domain name that is short and relevant and available
thanks to tech domains finding the perfect domain is actually much easier.
Programmers tech startups and brands finally have a domain of their own.
This is why Intel Viacom and even the Consumer Electronics Show are now using techs for their domain.
So don't wait there's a black friday sale coming up it's the perfect time to secure your domain.
Ninety five percent off you can pre-register before the 23rd of November to get an additional 10 percent
off on top of that.
You just have to go to WWE.
Go tech forward slash Chris hawks.
Go.
Tack forward slash.
My name Chris hawks and you can pre-register now.
Hey guys what's up on this video.
I have a brand new Mac install and I want to show you guys how to get started with Natcore good in.
Pull up your terminal.
All right now what I want to do is go to the Web site and there's only one version they are going to
download the dotnet core.
2.1 is the latest version so let's go in and grab that
said.
We have that install that's good
and will move that to the trash that's mine.
So now if you restart the terminal go into these joints and we're going to zoom in so you can actually
see the and if we type A dot net and we do a hyphen different version and you should get the version
number of dot net that's running on your Mac machine.
All right.
So that's how we install it.
So the next thing you're going to want to do is go and download a visual studio code which is the best
cross-platform editor that we can use for running C-Sharp code.
The visual studio Kotas and Stahl Let's go and open it up and we want to get our extensions here and
we're gonna look for C-Sharp
and go and grab this one that's been downloaded nearly 10 million times.
It's another visual studio code installed along with the extension I'm going to open up to a local folder
so I have my my dot net core folder inside of here.
And let's go ahead and I want to right click here and I'm going to say open the terminal and this is
going to open it up down here I'm receiving it just a little bit there.
OK.
So this opens up in the terminals and I have this dot net command I can say dot net new console.
And this is going to go and create a new console app right inside the folder.
And once we do that you're going to see that crazy bunch of files here in the fall.
It has the actual C-Sharp code is inside this program that C-s it's just simply one main function that's
writing out console Hello world.
And in order to fire this of what you want to do is go to your little debug menu.
You're going to do it from the dropdown menu select Add configuration.
You're going to select dotnet core.
This is going to create a configuration file for you you don't want to touch any of that right now.
Go ahead and click your documents again.
Close this down.
Double click on your program file.
Go back to the click on the debugger and then you click and press play.
This is going to go through and it's going to compile your application to machine code that the Mac
understands and it's going to then execute on your terminal and you can see the output of the program
is Hello world.
So that's how you get set up with dotnet core on a Mac.
It's going to be a very similar experience for Linux as well so just use Visual Studio code with the
C-sharp extension the Donek or a library and you're good to go.
So if you guys are looking to learn more about gotten Accor makes you guys check out of this the.
So I have the link in the description tab below and it's $100 but it's actually going to be on sale
for everybody that's looking at this video and that's going to click on the link in the description
tab.
This course actually covers everything you need to know getting started with C-sharp.
It's going to be cross-platform.
So now that I've showed you how to actually get it installed on Mac you can do the same thing with Linux.
The course itself is using Visual Studio and the Integrated Development Environment which only works
on Windows.
But again you could use Visual Studio code with the C-sharp extension and it's basically the same experience
but all cover and version control razor templates single page Obstat site generators things like that.
There is even going to be some you know a lot of a lot of stuff on the razor validation forum posting
Ajax posting web API.
So just make sure you guys check that out.
It covers a lot and that I have other courses available as well.
So if you guys are interested in Python or other types of development let me know.
Thanks guys.
Bye.